fix: More minor edits in account interface (#982)
starknet-io/starknet-docs: components/Starknet/modules/architecture_and_concepts/pages/Accounts/approach.adoc

A nonce serves two important roles:

* It guarantees transaction hash uniqueness, which is important for a good user experience.
* It provides replay protection to the account. Because the signature refers to a particular nonce, a malicious party cannot replay the transaction.

> As seen above, Starknet currently determines the sequential nonce structure at the protocol level. In the future, Starknet will consider a more flexible design, extending account abstraction to nonce management, also referred to as _nonce abstraction_.

Author: ```suggestion
As seen above, Starknet currently determines the sequential nonce structure at the protocol level. In the future, Starknet will consider a more flexible design, extending account abstraction to nonce management, also referred to as _nonce abstraction_.

```

A nonce serves two important roles:

* It guarantees transaction hash uniqueness, which is important for a good user experience.
* It provides replay protection to the account. Because the signature refers to a particular nonce, a malicious party cannot replay the transaction.

> As seen above, Starknet currently determines the sequential nonce structure at the protocol level. In the future, Starknet will consider a more flexible design, extending account abstraction to nonce management, also referred to as _nonce abstraction_.

Author: ```suggestion
While Starknet currently determines the sequential nonce structure at the protocol level, in the future, Starknet will consider a more flexible design, extending account abstraction to nonce management, also referred to as _nonce abstraction_.
```
